capital = 411
primary_culture = south_german
culture = french
religion = secularism
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.28
prestige = 6

civilized = yes

set_country_flag = hre_member

	land_reform = yes_land_reform
	admin_reform = yes_admin_reform
	finance_reform = yes_finance_reform  
	education_reform = yes_education_reform 
	transport_improv = yes_transport_improv 
	foreign_training = yes_foreign_training 
	foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons 
	military_constructions = yes_military_constructions 
	foreign_officers = yes_foreign_officers 
	army_schools = 	yes_army_schools
	foreign_navies = yes_foreign_navies 

	
water_wheel_power = 1	
flintlock_rifles = 1	
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
 
military_staff_system = 1
 

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
school_reforms = no_schools
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = fourteen_hours
safety_regulations = trinket_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
gov_religion = catholic unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions

ruling_party = LOR_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	reactionary = 0
	reactionary = 100
	 
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}


# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "LOR_oob.txt"