capital = 720
primary_culture = north_italian
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
civilized = yes

set_country_flag = serfdom_not_abolished
literacy = 0.45
prestige = 5



	land_reform = yes_land_reform
	admin_reform = yes_admin_reform
	finance_reform = yes_finance_reform  
	education_reform = yes_education_reform 
	transport_improv = yes_transport_improv 
	foreign_training = yes_foreign_training 
	foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons 
	military_constructions = yes_military_constructions 
	foreign_officers = yes_foreign_officers 
	army_schools = 	yes_army_schools
	foreign_navies = yes_foreign_navies 

	
water_wheel_power = 1	
flintlock_rifles = 1	
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
 
military_staff_system = 1
 

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
school_reforms = no_schools
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = acceptable_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions

ruling_party = SAV_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 20
	reactionary = 80
	 
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}
# Technologies

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

oob = "SAV_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/LUC_oob.txt"
}
1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	 
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_staff_system = 1
	army_command_principle = 1
	private_banks = 1
	no_standard = 1
	early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	guild_based_production = 1
	classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
	romanticism = 1
	late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
	idealism = 1
	malthusian_thought = 1
	enlightenment_thought = 1
	introspectionism = 1
	water_wheel_power = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	mechanical_production = 1
	mechanized_mining = 1
	clean_coal = 1
	basic_chemistry = 1
	medicine = 1
	 
	clipper_design = 1
	naval_design_bureaus = 1
	alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
	the_command_principle = 1

#Inventions
	john_ramsay_mcculloch = yes
	nassau_william_sr = yes
	james_mill = yes
	ammunition_production = yes
	small_arms_production = yes
	explosives_production = yes
	artillery_production = yes
	building_station_shipyards = yes
	
	
	
	sharp_n_roberts_power_loom = yes
	mechanical_saw = yes
	pitts_threshing_machine = yes
	mechanized_slaughtering_block = yes
	coke = yes
	mechanical_precision_saw = yes
	northrop_power_loom = yes
	pit_coal = yes
}
